Fixes #76: Add KeyGen algorithm (#106)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

# Introduction

A pseudorandom function (PRF) F(k, x) is an efficiently computable

> function with a private key k on input x. Roughly, F is pseudorandom if the

Reviewer: 👍

it publishes the ciphersuite that it is using to make it available to
any Client that connects to it.

> The Server MUST run `KeyGen` to generate `(key, publicKey)`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Server MUST run `KeyGen` to generate `(skS, pkS)`. The
```

Over in HPKE land, we use the terminology (skX, pkX) to denote private/public key pairs. Can we use that here? It might help keep things consistent across documents. An added bonus is that we can replace generic uses of "publicKey" with "pkS" to make it more clear whose public key it is.
